last weekend the traffic police officers of this
top pyshma
joint over our film crew
staged a raid on the roads of the same
Minsk region
first drove into the village red on
entering the village
stayed type lying and surviving
cars standing about two hours
drove through the village cedar
stopping car employees and here
it's not only won drunk driving
but not cars were checked on
transportation to included this other
the crews were top pyshme
sorry Ural when checking documents
most drivers
dust lengths various violations
particular village is a multiple driver
the car allowed the network to the front
passenger seat with a baby in her arms
for it was fined similar
violations were also top pyshma and in
green weather saturday bye staff
did not suspect drunk driving top
pyshma
speed among ural drunk driver
on the Volga car
made a crash and wanted to go through the method
go
He said he was not behind the wheel sat
beside
the question presented to him and the driver he
couldn't think of anything
see whether it was directly pointed to
Based on this fruit, I leave you
update this we got for 24
hours of communication
was + + +
that is , you refuse to sign
motivate than
all 8
Those who bought indicate that you were
soul
in factory condition
business
peel signed both of you
makes still can
all from Friday to Sunday condition
Alcohol intoxication revealed 4
human also these four people
refused to undergo medical
survey
one person did not have a driver
certificates in general and now this top
Pyshma warns now such
checks in our area will be held
regularly information site 8 district
Upper Pyshma city